c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\obj\Debug\InvelliTestCaseMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\InvelliTestCaseMVC.dll.config
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\InvelliTestCaseMVC.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\InvelliTestCaseMVC.pdb
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\obj\Debug\InvelliTestCaseMVC.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\obj\Debug\InvelliTestCaseMVC.pdb
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vikar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InvelliTestCase\InvelliTestCaseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
